Add meta description to some pages (#4534)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/user-manual/reference/tools/index.rst

.. Copyright (C) 2021 Wazuh, Inc.

.. meta::

>   :description: Check out our user manual to find out how to configure and use each of the Wazuh components. In this section, you can learn more about the tools. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :description: Check out our User manual to see the available tools and their supported installations for configuring and using each of the Wazuh components. 
```
